Your question was: Coinbase executives
Match ratio: 1.0
Here is the relevant text from Coinbase's Form 10-K:
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022.

Your question was: Campbell executives
Match ratio: 1.0
Here is the relevant text from Campbell's Form 10-K:
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The sections entitled "Item 1 — Election of Directors" and "Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders — Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers" in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy) are incorporated herein by reference. The information presented in the section entitled "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Board Meetings and Committees — Board Committee Structure" in the 2023 Proxy relating to the members of our Audit Committee and the Audit Committee’s financial experts is incorporated herein by reference.
Certain of the information required by this Item relating to our executive officers is set forth under the heading "Information about our Executive Officers" in this Report.
We have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and members of the Chief Financial Officer’s financial leadership team. The Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers is posted on the Investor portion of our website,
www.campbellsoupcompany.com
(under the "About Us—Investors—Governance—Governance Documents" caption). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver of, a provision of the Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers by posting such information on our website.
We have also adopted a separate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to the Board of Directors, our officers and all of our employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Investor portion of our website,
www.campbellsoupcompany.com
(under the "About Us—Investors—Governance—Governance Documents" caption). Our Corporate Governance Standards and the charters of our four standing committees of the Board of Directors can also be found at this website. Printed copies of the foregoing are available to any shareholder requesting a copy by:
writing to Investor Relations, Campbell Soup Company, 1 Campbell Place, Camden, NJ 08103-1799;
calling 856-342-6081; or
e-mailing our Investor Relations Department at IR@campbells.com.

Your question was: q
You decided to quit

Session Statistics:
File Name:data_1713400002.4953516.txt
#User Utterances:3
#System Utterances:4
Time Elapsed:13.275329113006592
